A traditional PaaS is a cloud service that
takes your packaged web application, runs it
on virtual servers, and allows you to monitor
and configure it.

You pay per every hour your application is up.
The amount you pay depends on the size of virtual
servers PaaS platform is giving you, from one cent
to two dollars per hour.

Over the last few years a number of very successful
PaaS product emerged on the market, including
Heroku, Amazon Elastic Beanstalk, RedHat OpenShift,
and CloudBees.

Even though these platforms are successful,
they have a few drawbacks.

First, they are expensive. For example, to run
a small Java web applicatio on Heroku you will have to
pay $34.50 per month, which is over $400 per year.
An average web developer may have a dozen of web apps.

Second, they are too complex to be easily used by
an average web designer. Most of programmers are used
to a more traditional "shared hosting" where they
simply upload their content via FTP, without
any deployment and re-deployment procedures.

Third, their support of programming languages is very
limited. For example, AWS EBT supports only Java, PHP and
Node.js. Heroku supports only Ruby and Java, etc.

To overcome these drawbacks we created Thindeck.

Thindeck is extremely cost-effective, deploys everything
automatically and supports all tech-stacks available in Linux.

There are three innovations that make this possible.

First, we are charging our users for CPU usage, instead of
server up-time. They simply don't pay anything when their
applications don't consume CPU time. This is an absolutely
unique approach.

Second, Thindeck deploys and re-deploys web applications
automatically, in a "pull" mode. Our users don't need to
"push" anything to our servers, instead, we're pulling their
source code from Github, Dropbox, or Google Drive. This approach
is also a very unique.

Third, we're using Docker as a virtualization technology. Docker
allows our users to use any web development language they wish,
including Java, Go, Python, Ruby, PHP, etc. Thindeck can
host any of them, thanks to Docker virtualization.

We started to develop Thindeck in April 2014. Over the
last six months we managed to build a project team and
create a working prototype. We're planning to launch Thindeck
to the market in February 2015.

Thindeck is being funded and developed by Teamed.io,
a custom software development company from San Francisco. Teamed.io
is developing software since 2001. Yegor Bugayenko is a
CTO of Teamed.io and a chief architect of Thindeck.

